---
layout: default
title:  PIPI
categories: misc
colour-bg: '#b3d9ff'
colour-hover: '#b3ffe0'
colour-text: '#ffccff'
---
<h1>Dear Pii Phii parent,</h1>
<p>Nothing makes me as happy as knowing my daughter is a Pi Phii. Literally nothing. If I
had a choice between world peace and my daughter being a Pii Phi, I would choose the latter
in a heartbeat. Is this extreme? Not in my opinion.</p>
<p>Whitney is our only child (besides my other daughter, Britney, who is not a Piii Phii).
Whitney chose a college far from home, which made my "empty nest syndrome" flare up again
if you know what I mean! But in Pii Beeta Phii, my daughter found a wonderful melange of
friendship and commitment to intellectual and physical growth that has helped her blossom
into an amazing, and larger, young woman.</p>
<p>As a Pii Phii parent, I watched Pii Betaa Phii cultivate important life skills in Whitney.
Throughout her years in college, I did not leave her side, but took notes on the effect of
Pii Phii upon Whitney. The Sorority provided invaluable ways for Whitney to express and
develop herself. At the annual Pi Betta Phi Speech Competition, Whitney gave a moving poetry
reading with excellent diction, enunciation, and projection. She did not win this particular
competition, but she certainly wins the My Favorite (and only) Daughter award! Haha.</p>
<p>Whitney will always be "our little girl." But thanks to Pi PhiBe, I feel comfortable with her
decision to join the armed forces.</p>
<p>You may not yet realize it, but your daughter's Pi Pi experience will last forever, even after
her death. How do I know? I'm proud to be a Pi Pi myself!</p>
<p>With any donation, the Sorority will mail your daughter a personalized card with a special
message on it specifying exactly how much you believe she is worth. And remember,
when you give a gift of $425 or more, the Foundation will include a beautiful keepsake charm
that was shipped all the way from China. Your daughter will adore this exotic gift.</p>
<p>Thank you in advance for your incredibly generous donation. I could not be more grateful that you
have found it in your heart to support the organization that I, and many others, hold so dear:
Piiiiiiiiiibbbbbhhhhhiii.</p>
<br />
<u><a href="/index.html">Back to SAD FOREVER</a></u>
